d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Pong Arena.exe
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Pong Arena.pdb
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\obj\x86\Debug\Pong Arena.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\obj\x86\Debug\Pong Arena.exe
d:\users\stijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pong Arena\Pong Arena\obj\x86\Debug\Pong Arena.pdb
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\obj\x86\Debug\Pong Arena.exe
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\obj\x86\Debug\Pong Arena.pdb
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Pong Arena.exe
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Pong Arena.pdb
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\dautz\Documents\School\Projects\GameProgrammeren\Pong-Arena\Pong Arena\obj\x86\Debug\Pong Arena.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
